We caught the bitch.
Please don't hurt me.
Don't be afraid, girl.
Who are you?
Somebody please help me.
Only the evil book can undo
what the evil book has done.
Please. I just want to go home.
Daddy?
Daddy, why are you doing this to me?
Who are these people?
Look, they are good people.
They are here to help.
What are you talking about?
Where's Mom?
Mommy is dead, baby. You know that.
- You killed her.
- What?
You did.
No, why are you saying these things?
Daddy, please, I just want go home.
I just want to go home.
Do it! It's the only way to save her soul!
I'm so sorry, baby.
Daddy, what is that?
Daddy.
Daddy, look at me. It's me.
Do it! Give your daughter peace!
I just want you to hold me and take me home.
Please.
Please stop.
I will rip your soul out, Daddy.
I'll rip your soul out, you pathetic fuck!
Motherfucker!
I will kill you like I killed
your whore!
Fuck!
I love you, baby.
Hey.
How's it going, Mr. Hot Shit City Boy?
- Hey, Olivia.
- Come here.
Two arms, please. Like you missed me.
This is my girl Natalie.
The heartbreaker from your car shop.
The doctor?
- Actually, she's...
- I'm a registered nurse.
Nurse. Right, sorry.
You were supposed to be
here two hours ago, man.
And that's our irresistibly charming Eric.
Teaching high school finally turned
you into a bitter old coot, huh?
No, you did.
You kept us waiting here all morning.
Good to see you, too, man. Come here.
You look good.
She's waiting for you in the back.
Great.
Hey, Mia.
I'll be damned.
You actually came.
Come on, I'm your big brother.
Of course I came.
I know I look like road kill.
You look beautiful, as always.
And you're a charming liar, as always.
Grandpa?
Hey.
Hey, there buddy.
We always loved this place, didn't we?
He missed you a lot, you know.
- Oh, my God.
- What?
- What is that?
Just this, right here.
It's not funny!
This is made from a buckthorn tree.
It's supposed to make your will stronger.
But I thought
you didn't believe in that kind of stuff.
I don't. But you do, so, maybe it'll work.
Okay.
Well, then, let's do this.
Promise me you'll stay with me until the end.
- I'm not going anywhere.
- Cross your heart.
Okay.
Hope to die.
May my friends and family witness this act,
an irrevocable promise
to my commitment that...
Fuck it.
I promise not to touch this shit
ever again.
Okay.
Let's play cold turkey.
Well,
I know some slugs
are gonna have a party tonight.
David,
Mia's about to go through
the worst three days of her life.
Okay? Withdrawal's gonna
make her experience extreme body pain,
vomiting, chills, paranoia...
It's not gonna be nice.
- Why three days?
- Because after three days,
the pain subsides.
And she'll be off the hook for good.
Mia's a strong girl. She'll be okay.
Yeah.
Hopefully, this still works.
Wait.
Looks like someone broke in.
Be careful.
What is that smell?
Some teenagers probably just broke in here
to drink beer and bump uglies.
Exactly.
Mom would have hated
seeing the cabin like this.
Okay.
Let's make this place livable.
No, use my camera.
Fine, fine.
Hey!
Hey.
Are you okay?
Do you remember that lullaby
Mom used to sing us?
It was something like...
"Baby, little baby, it's time to say goodbye."
"Baby, little baby..."
Mia, please, I don't think you need
sad memories in your head right now.
Mom is not a sad one.
You know what I mean.
You know what?
Her final days at the hospital...
Mom sometimes thought I was you.
She even called me David
for a whole day, once.
And I played along, because...
Mia, look, I wanted to be there. Okay, I did.
But by the time Mom got bad,
I had just gotten the job
at the garage in Chicago.
I don't know, I had a hard time finding
the right moment to come back.
And then it was too late. So...
Maybe you were lucky,
not to see her the way that I did.
It looks like she is doing okay.
David, there is something you need to know.
Okay.
We already tried this whole thing
back in Flint last summer.
Mia made the same promises.
She took the same dramatic vow of sobriety
before chucking her dope down the toilet.
She lasted eight hours and quit.
So, we don't want to give her
that chance this time.
What do you mean?
David, when she breaks,
and believe me, she will,
we don't want to let her leave.
What do you mean?
You want force her to stay here?
Mia?
This time the only way is the hard way, man.
- She won't survive another OD.
- What?
Mia OD'd?
She didn't just OD.
Legally, your sister died.
They had to defibrillate her.
Jesus.
We all need to be together on this.
Otherwise it won't work.
Good boy.
I came here to make things
better with my sister, not worse.
If she asks me to take her home at some
point, I'm going to have to do it.
I can't stand it! Fuck!
- I can't stand it!
- Smell? What smell?
What the fuck is that smell?
I know, I know.
It's okay. It's okay.
I can't stand that fucking smell anymore.
Lie down, okay?
We're here for you. I know, I know.
We're all here.
We're not going anywhere.
Withdrawal is kicking in hard.
This should help you get through the night.
I don't know what is wrong with you people,
but there is something dead and it reeks.
But there is no smell.
You're just extra-sensitive right now.
I just can't stand that fucking smell anymore.
Wait.
Is that blood?
Shit.
What's your medical diagnosis now?
It fucking stinks.
Shit. Careful.
These steps are old and rotten.
Yeah, like this whole freaking house.
I know.
It smells like burnt hair.
I think it's back there.
Oh, my God!
Shit.
What is this?
I don't know. Witchcraft?
Who would do this?
Shit, something burned here.
Look.
Shit, man.
What the fuck happened here?
Let's not go crazy over this. Okay?
I'll bury those dead cats out back later.
Yeah. The smell will be gone in no time.
Yeah, okay.
And what about the voodoo shit
they did down there?
No, no, no. Voodoo is more about dolls
and personal artifacts.
- This is something different.
- Eric, that's enough.
You shouldn't have touched
anything from that basement.
“Naturom Demonic
"Kunda."
"Astratta."
"Montosse."
"Canda."
Please, God, give me a break.
Mia.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry, but I have to get
out of here right now.
No, come on.
The slumber party isn't over yet.
Yeah, we still haven't played
"Fuck, Marry, Kill," right?
Mia, please look...
I'm going insane here.
Olivia, I feel like I'm losing my mind.
Mia, what is it?
I will go through with this, okay?
I just... I can't do it here.
Mia,
we have decided
we're not going to take you back.
We can't lose you again.
You're going to have to stick it out this time.
David, drive me home.
Come on, David.
Mia, maybe they're right.
You were supposed to be here
to support me, not them.
I'm here for you, Mia.
- That's why I came.
- Oh, my God.
I'm such an idiot.
To think for once in my life,
I could count on you.
Mia, we're just trying to help you.
Well, fuck you very much!
Eric, leave her alone.
Mia.
Mia!
Perfect.
Fuck this. Fuck, fuck.
Fuck!
What the fuck am I doing?
Mia!
"Mia!
Mia.
Mia!
- Mia!
- Shit.
Oh, my God.
Hey, how's she doing?
She's talking about a woman in the woods.
How the forest attacked her.
I don't know. It's just crazy withdrawal talk.
Don't you think we should
take her to a hospital?
I feel like we're in over our heads here.
Okay. I am giving her the exact same
treatment she would get at a hospital.
If we leave now, all of this mess
will have been for nothing.
Okay. What about the wounds on her arms?
I pulled some thorns out.
It looks like she might have
run into a thorn bush out there.
She probably did it on purpose.
What?
David,
from now on, she is going to do
whatever it takes to get out of here.
Mia.
Listen, you've gotta get out of those clothes.
All right? Take a shower.
David.
Please.
You have to get me...
...out of here.
Mia, look,
nobody said this was gonna be easy.
No.
You don't understand.
There was something in the woods, David.
And I think it's in here with us now.
With me in the room?
Look. You know it's all in your head.
Just try to get it together.
You'll feel better tomorrow, okay?
You'll be glad we were such assholes.
Okay.
Eric, what are you doing?
Please, would you just get rid of that thing?
You should be downstairs helping
your friend clean up that mess.
I don't know who you're talking about.
Come on.
Don't act like you don't care about him.
I know you do.
I think we can all agree he hasn't cared
about us for the past freaking century.
Well, he's here now.
Yeah.
Truly amazing.
Grandpa?
Grandpa!
Come here, boy.
Fuck.
Grandpa.
No,no,no.
Hey, boy. Come here.
What did you get into?
Fuck.
What happened?
Mia?
She's in the shower.
What happened? David?
Mia?
Mia, open the door.
Hey, Mia, open the door.
- Mia, open the door!
- David, what are you doing?
David, stop and tell me what's going on.
Mia, open the fucking door!
Mia?
David!
Stop it!
Mia!
Mia?
Olivia!
Holy shit!
Mia!
Shit.
This is insane.
Fuck. Where is it?
This can't be happening.
I gave her a sedative. So, she
should be out for a couple of hours.
But, fuck, her burns are serious.
Like, second, third degree.
This is so wrong.
Nobody could have known
she would do something so twisted!
No, you should have known!
We've all been following your lead
since we got here.
We should have left when Mia wanted to.
Baby, please! Let's not lose our heads, okay?
With any luck,
it will stop raining in a couple of hours,
and we'll be able to cross the creek in
the morning, and take her to a hospital.
Okay? Everything is going to be fine.
"Everything is going to be fine"?
Everything is going to be fine.
I don't know if you've noticed this,
but nothing has been fine.
And everything has been
getting worse every second.
Mia?
What are you doing?
Mia, put the gun down.
Put the gun down, please.
Mia.
Put the fucking gun down!
Die!
One by one, we will take you!
You are all going to die tonight.
The gun. The gun, quick!
Baby?
Mia!
- Let me out!
- She's totally psychotic.
My God, what happened to her eyes?
What's she doing?
It sounds like
she's hitting herself against something.
This is impossible.
I just gave her enough sedative
to put a horse to sleep.
Give her another shot!
That could put her into a coma.
For Christ's sakes, Olivia,
she's going to kill herself down there!
Go get the shot!
I gotta get the shrapnel out of my arm.
What? I have tweezers in my purse.
David. Listen to me.
I don't think a tranquilizer is going to do shit.
'Cause I don't think we're dealing
with a freaking panic attack here!
I'm scared that what's happening to Mia
has something to do
with the fucking witchcraft in the basement!
Olivia!
Olivia?
Are you okay?
Olivia, what are you doing in there?
Olivia.
Are you okay?
Oh, my God!
Why the fuck did you do that?
Kill him.
No!
She tried to kill me.
Fuck.
You hold that. You got it?
Hold it there, okay? Hold it.
Fuck it.
David, I did something terrible.
I'm sure you didn't mean to hurt her.
That thing I killed was not Olivia.
He's losing too much blood.
Baby, he needs water and sugar. Okay?
Go.
Go!
Okay. Okay.
- All right.
- David.
I read a passage from that book.
It was some sort of prayer.
I released something, David.
I released something evil.
Natalie?
Mia?
Natalie.
What am I doing down here?
My leg hurts.
I can't move.
I'm going to come down there, okay?
Why did you lock me down here?
You were supposed to help me.
Hey, we're trying to help you, okay?
You were out of control, you know?
You got violent
and we didn't know what else to do.
Mia, look,
something really terrible has happened,
and we have to get out of here now. Okay?
You don't understand.
He's not going to let you leave!
And he's not going to stop until he has you.
Until he has all of you!
Please...
I can smell your filthy soul.
Kiss me, you dirty cunt!
Why don't you come down here,
so I can suck your cock, pretty boy!
Mia.
Mia's not here, you fucking idiot!
Your little sister is being raped in hell!
Home. I want to go home.
Thanks for the water.
Eric.
I don't know why,
but I thought this would end it.
But this book does not burn.
It does not fucking burn.
Tell me what's going on here.
This book uses some...
ancient alphabet.
There's some translations, but...
Just scattered notes.
They all refer to some...
...evil entity.
A taker of souls.
A demon.
It says...
"Once he feasts on five souls,
"the sky will bleed again
and the abomination
"will rise from Hell."
This is insane.
This thing is attached to Mia's soul
like a leech.
It's becoming her.
If we want to stop this,
if we want to help Mia...
I think we're going to have to kill her.
What did you say?
Everything says...
Eric! We're not going to fucking kill anybody!
Are you listening to yourself?
What about those dead cats
down in the basement?
I mean, maybe they had some disease.
I mean, some virus that... It spread to Mia,
and then she passed it to Olivia
when she puked all over her face!
But what kind of a virus makes a person
cut off their face with a piece of glass?
Oh, God.
I don't know what we're
dealing with here, okay?
But it stopped raining, and
in a couple of hours, the river will be clear,
and we're going to get out of this place.
All of us.
It doesn't matter where we go.
If we don't do something right now,
we are all going to be dead by then!
Give me back...
...my hand.
We're gonna get you
Not another peep
Time to go to sleep
Sleep.
Sleep. Sleep.
Don't do it, you little bitch! Don't cut it off!
Don't cut it off!
FUCK you!
No,no,no!
No!
I had to do it. And I feel much better now.
Hold on, baby. Hold on, please.
Eric and I are going to
put a stop to this, okay?
I promise that everything is going to be fine.
Okay? Okay, baby?
She just cut her fucking arm off.
Does that sound fine?
These inscriptions are confusing,
sometimes contradictory,
but they are consistent about one thing.
In order to stop this,
the possessed must be cleansed.
Purified.
The book describes three specific ways.
A live burial.
Bodily dismemberment.
And purification by fire.
Are you sure this will work?
If we...
If I kill my sister, she will be at peace?
Am I sure? Of course not.
This is not a science book!
But look, I'm sure of one thing.
Whatever is inside Mia
is the cause of all this.
If she dies, then this thing
is going to die with her.
What if she just lost her mind?
What if she just needs a doctor?
What? A doctor?
My mom died in a mental hospital.
She was crazy.
She was deranged, she was a monster.
I've always feared that me
and Mia would end up like her.
So... Okay, so, Mia went crazy.
Okay. What about Olivia?
What about Natalie?
Maybe we've all gone crazy.
You are just a fucking coward.
You know exactly what we have to do,
but you're too scared to go through with it.
I'm going to burn this fucking place down.
And I'm going to end this nightmare.
Why don't you just run away?
Go hide beneath some rock somewhere.
You know you're great at that.
Oh, shit.
Where the fuck did she go?
David.
Take it before she does.
Want to play, little man?
No!
Stop!
No,no,no!
David.
Why are you hurting me?
My face hurts.
Why?
Why... Why does my face hurt?
Baby.
Nat.
Come on, man. Here we are.
Hey. Hold on.
Don't die on me, please!
Dying wouldn't be so bad right now.
I just don't want to become the devil's bitch.
I'm going to do what I got to do.
I'm going to do what I got to do. Okay?
I'm sorry, Mia.
I love you.
Baby, little baby
It's time to say goodbye
I'll miss you day and night
Baby, my sweet baby
I'll write you every day
Baby, don't cry, baby
I wish that I could stay
I can't do this.
This time,
the only fucking way is the hard way!
David.
Murderer.
Coward.
Eric.
Hey. Okay?
David.
I missed you, man.
You know that, buddy.
David?
I can't move! I can't breathe!
David!
Help me!
Help me, David!
You're not her.
David!
Help me!
You're not her!
Why do you hate me, David?
I know you do.
You left home.
You left me all alone with our sick mother.
And I was just a kid.
You made me lie.
Every time she screamed your name,
I told her you were coming to see her.
Like you promised.
But you never did.
Please stop it, I'm begging you.
I know Mother hates you now,
and she waits for you in hell.
Shut up.
You will burn, David.
You will burn in hell
alongside yourjunkie sister!
Shut up.
You're gonna burn in hell
for trying to kill me, you motherfucker!
I'm so sorry.
I should have been there.
I should have been there for you.
Come on. Please, come back.
Come on, Mia. Come back to me, please!
Okay, you are at peace.
You are at peace now.
David?
Mia?
It was so horrible.
It's okay. It's all over now.
Thanks for not leaving me, David.
Wait here. I'm going to get the car keys.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
David!
- Go. Please, go.
- No, no, no.
Go!
I'm not going to go anywhere.
I'm not going anywhere!
Here, take the keys. Look at me, let's go.
Come on. Let's go.
Get out of here.
No! No!
David!
David! David!
He's coming.
Mia.
Come here, you bitch!
Come on.
You're going to die here, you patheticjunkie!
I've had enough of this shit.
I will feast on your soul.
Feast on this, motherfucker!
Die!
Go back to Hell, bitch.
Are you okay, kiddo?
Help me.
God Almighty.
Don't you worry, kid.
I'm taking you to the hospital,
and they'll patch you up in no time.
You'll be right as rain.
I believe I have made a significant
find in the Candarian Ruins...
A volume of ancient Sumerian burial
practices and funerary incantations.
It is entitled "Naturom Demonto."
Roughly translated, "Book of the Dead."
The book is bound in human flesh
and inked in human blood.
It deals with demons, demon resurrection,
those forces which roam the forest
and dark bowers of man's domain.
The first few pages warn
that these enduring creatures
may lie dormant, but are never truly dead.
They may be recalled to active life through
the incantations presented in this book.
It is through recitation of these passages
that the demons are given license
to possess the living.
I have seen the dark shadows
moving in the woods,
and I have no doubt that whatever
I have resurrected through this book
is sure to come calling for me.
Groovy.